hey everyone Casey here back at you with
another kane's wrath match so that's
browsing through my replays the other
day and I saw a match labeled I own guy
with crazy strat so I thought that
sounds interesting i'll check it out so
I did and it was a pretty kif game a
tiff by the way means cool where I am so
just in case you're wondering anyway
yeah it's pretty cool game so yeah watch
and find out playing here on twin tower
I'm an odd I'm nod not a nod and I'm in
pink this pings awesome um and you'll
see I've just got a power plant and the
barracks up sold my shredder tarts for
the infantry basically just for scouting
purposes and I've built an engineer and
a rocket squad out of my barracks the
engineer of course to capture the spike
just to give me a little extra resources
early on and the rocket squad is just to
garrison in the center building yeah so
I hope you guys liked kane's wrath um I
sure don't well actually I used to but
sort of pisses me off lately it just
gets quite boring people just do the
same stuff online there's no variety
really but nonetheless it's it's still
very good game so yes I've built
surveyor and you may be wondering you
may be asking yourself why has he built
a surveyor people never built surveyors
on this map and yes hence the fact that
this game is called iron guy with crazy
strat so yeah
my severe headed out there and I've got
an OP Center up so that can only mean
one thing I'm going for the stealth
surveyor I'm going to cloak it with a
cloaking field don't it instant and I've
also got my secret Rhine up and that is
for well you'll see a bit later actually
so basically this is one of these
strategies where you know if it fails
you're screwed you're out of the game if
it's that succeeds then you've won the
game so it's sort of an all-in strategy
if you will which is coming the way I
like to play actually I like to try a
new ship and try some crazy shit and it
just makes the game more interesting and
more fun for me so yeah and I just
cloaked my severe head it into the
corner of his base he is totally
unknowing of my surveyors presence which
is kind of the whole point of it
so I'm recording with a new mic on a
different pair of headphones i have just
because now the ones I for some reason I
couldn't get to work on sound recorder
which was really fucking strange and I
was pissing me off a lot last night so
you know I just decided to use the
different headset and it works so if
anyone can tell me why that is please do
if you can't then it's also fun so
anyway can see my surveyors behind those
trees have a clearly position behind
those trees there and I mean what the
fuck looking at that you can't you can't
see that surveyor you literally cannot
see if I was if I was that dude like wow
I'm just like building a few stuff out
my war factory doing all sorts of shit
on my base and online fuck this fucking
spare behind the tree you can't even see
it anyway so the secret Ryan yes it was
for the disruption towel which I
immediately placed because my survey is
not self anymore and I've got a barracks
in his base crazy barracks in the space
and I'm building engineers I'm going to
go ahead and try and Kappas construction
yard but he kills it with an APC and my
second one goes in for his war factory
which I gladly capture
and I've also captured his crane he is
totally he has no no fucking idea what
the hull is capturing all those
buildings because my engineers also
stealth because they're in the radius of
my disruption tale but of course he
builds a guardian cannon which can
detect stealth but that's alright
because it's a little bit far away so
you can't see my barracks which is good
and you just you know rolling around
with its predators and stuff doesn't
have a clue what's going on and I'm
building my second barracks because I
figure the engineers aren't going to be
enough I'm going to need something else
to finish this off place my second
barracks in a minutes there you good and
I'm sort of building rockets quads and I
quickly get rid of them and stop
building black hand squads black hound
are extremely powerful and they can
really just melt a base very quickly so
I'm in a spot of trouble and I'm like
engineer straps not working so I turn to
black and just to see if I can take them
out black hand and I've got like four
four black hand infantry squads now look
how fast that buildings health just goes
down it's absolutely crazy anyway does
captures war factory back but i'm just
going to melt it in like two minutes
anyway so it doesn't really matter that
much and yes pretty much the end of the
game pretty much annihilating them at
the moment
a summer one barracks is just using too
much money and he quits out of the game
you hear enemy defeated so yeah guys
this is just quite a funny funny kane's
wrath match I thought thought i should
share with you guys and i encourage you
to do similar strategies and it's quite
fun because if you can try crazy
stratton you beat someone with it you
can laugh about it and you can say i
owned you noob and it's fun so yeah guys
thanks for watching thanks a lot be sure
to check out the kung fu gaming project
please subscribe to my channel guys I
need more subscribers so please
subscribe and I'll be back with more
videos shortly cheers guys